<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>minutes on Open Force Field Initiative</title>
    <link>//openforcefield.org/tags/minutes/</link>
    <description>Recent content in minutes on Open Force Field Initiative</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Wed, 20 Mar 2019 00:00:00 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    
	<atom:link href="//openforcefield.org/tags/minutes/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    
    <item>
      <title>March 20, 2019 Advisory Board Meeting</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-03-20-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 20 Mar 2019 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-03-20-minutes/</guid>
      <description>The Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board met on 20 March, 2019. The minutes are summarized as follows:
Open Forcefield Advisory Board Meeting Minutes – March 20, 2019  Status Updates:  OFFI NIH proposal submitted and available publicly Hiring update: Karmen Condic-Jurkic starts April 1 as half-time scientific coordinator/project manager Interviews ongoing for bespoke torsion fitting and potentially electrostatics role Open Force Field Toolkit update: Alpha release slated for April 2 Will contain RDKit backend support in abstracted cheminformatics structure (allowing future support for alternative cheminformatics packages to be easily added)  Supposed to give same results regardless of RDKit or OpenEye (tested with ~2k molecules from eMolecules to have same energies, forces, and force terms) Differences in aromaticity models could result in some differences in corner cases We are adding a “paranoid mode” so we can detect differences between toolkits that arise when building force fields SDF with standardized tags will be the supported method for importing molecules with custom charges OpenEye and RDKit on-board with standardized tags for charges  There may have been minor changes to XML forcefield format since the January preview release  Changes are summarized here  OFFI hope is to have weekly/biweekly bugfix or feature releases and conda package updates Partners and users are directed to use the Github issue tracker to report issues or problems Technical questions – Desmond support How is Desmond currently used by Partners?</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>February 20, 2019 Advisory Board Meeting</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-02-20-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 20 Feb 2019 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-02-20-minutes/</guid>
      <description>The Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board met on 20 February, 2019. The minutes are summarized as follows:
Open Forcefield Advisory Board Meeting Minutes – February 20, 2019  Next release of toolkit currently being tested and finished Workflow documentation  Next item on to-do list Call for additional desired workflows to be posted in #documentation channel  Industry compound additions to parameterization sets  Starting small – current focus is finding parameters in need of optimization by looking for discrepancies between current forcefields when minimizing structures Industry partners should identify particularly high priority chemical space for initial parameterization Compounds/fragments to be sent via Slack or GitHub BI has SureChembl dump and scripts that may be able to be shared.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>January 23, 2019 Advisory Board Meeting</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-01-23-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 23 Jan 2019 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2019-01-23-minutes/</guid>
      <description>The Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board met on 23 Jan 2019. The minutes are summarized as follows:
Open Forcefield Advisory Board Meeting Minutes – January 23, 2019  RDKit Integration  Key infrastructure seems to be working Currently implementing testing to make sure energies/parameters are same between RDKit and OpenEye toolkit backends Documentation being worked on Limited to SDF file format initially RDKit support being added initially for OpenFF toolkit, not for other packages being used internally for parameter development Bespoke torsion parameterization tool will be able to use RDKit or other wholly open-source backend  Workflows  Workflow documentation / example requests should be posted to #documentation Slack channel Some suggested workflows from agenda and discussion: Parameterization of protein-ligand system using SMIRNOFF Conformer energy evaluation Minimization of multiple ligands from SDF file (is this with protein, without, both?</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>October 29, 2018 Joint Governing/Advisory Board Meeting</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-29-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 29 Oct 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-29-minutes/</guid>
      <description>Minutes: Attending: All PIs, both governing board members, and most advisory board members, via Zoom.
Short-term roadmap/minimum viable product: In general folks are supportive of current effort plans. However, there was consensus we need a tool for bespoke parameterization of molecules, especially internal molecules which might not be able to be disclosed to the larger effort, as part of our minimum viable product.
Funding/financials:  Currently we have eight partners on board (with openforcefield.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>October 11, 2018 Governing Board Meeting</title>
      <link>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-11-minutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 11 Oct 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>//openforcefield.org/consortium/minutes/2018-10-11-minutes/</guid>
      <description>Agenda:  October meeting draft agenda and start time January meeting location Maat hiring Slack Funding processing update/onboarding update Involvement with science meetings (subprojects) and project planning Discuss blog posts? Yes, just get sub-groups to do brief updates after meetings; better for keeping people up to date.  Minutes: Attending: All PIs except Shirts, and both industry members, Thomas Fox and Katharina Meier
Shared the detailed budget outline Google Doc and went over the personnel who would be involved and their distribution across different locations, $ amounts, etc.</description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>